very good to all welcome to the channel
and today I bring a video of blacos 2 but
this time of an interest or curiosities
this speed is already known by many
people but good I wanted to
check it by myself and by the way
well why not go up the channel
well this consists of the cnooc map
town you have to shoot at the head
all the mannequins on the map
absolutely everyone in a while
about a minute and a half two
minutes we're going to put on music from
quick camera to entertain the matter
there it is
and good is a fucking because
I have always told you how many are
but there are a lot and there are always some
that is in some hidden corner
out there that you lose so if you
it's time to repeat because you're going on time
or whatever it is is a bitch because you do not
they come back from the same place they come out
in a random way so he plays and he
fast not to beautiful and bad up
shooting from something at two mannequins that
they are still
how are you reporting bubbling
as a male vice for this and what
you do in public game and I am a
maquinón eh
good and here we are going to plant until the
center and a screen with four
mini games of the year 85
the truth the little games give us for
a lot but also good as a curiosity
it's interesting not
isabella being younger than that
the most veteran of the place if
we pay with this be that with this from
many hours of fun there at home to
When we encountered snack
this who had videoconsola in others
worlds of time so good is
just a curious thing not only in
the video games that are on the map the
nook town
and well I have your well also
pending your villa we almost followed
to a short
the next will be showed the location
real of the white maps on a gps
so if you liked the pending
second video and see you thank you for
see him later